Jim yes are you doing I'm doing great
we're gonna tie one on what are we doing
here with these believe it or not these
are all cotton ties you get your cotton
jacket you got your cotton suit you need
your cotton ties one of the great things
you said about cotton ties to me once is
cotton breathes cotton port you're not
going to be feeling like you're wearing
this wool tie around exactly and they're
gonna be thinner too
what we've got here is a lot of the
patterns that we've been talking about
throughout this series we've got you
know your gingham here this brown color
I think marries up beautifully to a
khaki suit or dark suit you've got two
plaids here this would be a little bit
more muted for business this is gonna be
a little bit brighter for your weekends
we've got another plan but it's got a
little bit more of a white ground in it
this is kind of I call this the August
tie I love this tie I think this is not
like wear to the office if you got a
board meeting but it's certainly it
certainly is a fun tie to wear the
weekend coming right down here to this
like ultra mini houndstooth it doesn't
even look like a pattern will mint julep
color some mint julep color you know
it's a very attractive color it looks
good on everybody another incredible
fabric of the season is chambray you
think of chambray as being a shirt look
awesome with a Tattersall like you're
wearing this is a really fun time it's a
horizontal stripe mm-hm and it's got the
square bottom a little retro feel to
that well extremely retro right it lines
up right in here or you need to tie it
so it lines up right at your belt buckle
we said before about summer style is you
know have some fun if you think you
don't have a lot of options but some of
these colors could be a lot of options
have a little fun out there it's a focal
point we know when someone's looking
your face they're looking at you're not
so you wanted to express how you're
feeling and show that you're happy man
happy man
get more sock-it-to-me this is one of
the big messages this season yes we
talked about going sockless but if you
wanted you could also add some color
around your ankle it's something we
started in the fall we were showing a
lot of solids and a lot of stripes in
spring you can even amp up the color the
point of view here is show some show
some colors so show some pattern down
there at your ankle right I mean even a
polka dot sock with a navy suit can look
cool a summer Argyle these are all
cotton they're breathable they're not
that expensive and they're just going to
add a lot of flavor and style down at
your ankle you know work from the ground
up sometimes sometimes it's the sock
that's going to determine what you're
gonna wear in the morning build it
around the sock put some color on your
feet if you don't want to go socco's but
add a little color your more big
believer in it and love it thanks for
watching tune in for more videos coming
at you soon